STEM Creating Updates based on features.

Assume that you have STEM version 0.2.1M1  distributed on the download 
site as zip files for each supported platform (Win,Linux,Mac) 
and you later want to publish an update for 0.2.1M2. 

The users had originally installed STEM by downloading the 
appropriate 0.2.1M1 zip file and unziping it and running the STEM rcp.  
They will use the Help->update feature to install the updates for 0.2.1M2.  
For simplicity, the 0.2.1M2 updates consist of code for all the 
org.eclipse.stem projects but none of the plugin dependencies 
or platform dependencies.   
Ability to update only parts of the STEM code is left as a future feature.   

If you are going to generate a STEM application for platforms other
than the platform that you are running Eclipse on, then you need to 
download and install the 3.3 delta-pack

http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/download.php?file=/eclipse/downloads/drops/R-3.3-200706251500/eclipse-RCP-3.3-delta-pack.zip

STEM projects.
  org.eclipse.stem.feature
   feature.xml 
     Contains the stem plugins
      - Update as required:
      - Version should be 0.2.1M1
      - Update Site URL should be specified
        Point to org.eclipse download site where the 
        update feature will be placed.  ?????
        (For testing you can point to a local file system
         like file:/c:eclipse/updatesite )
  org.eclipse.stem.feature.prereq
   feature.xml
      Contains a list of all the prereq plugins.
      The list was generated from stem.product which was used to 
      generate the initial STEM rcp. 
      
       Update Site URL should be specified same as above.
  org.eclipse.stem.ui
    stem.product
      This is the original product file and can still be used 
      to run the application within eclipse with debug. 

    feature.product 
      Now used to generate the STEM rcp from the above 2 features.
      It includes the following features. 
         org.eclipse.stem.feature
         org.eclipse.stem.feature.prereq
         org.eclipse.rcp
         org.eclipse.platform
         
  create the distributable rcp by using the export selection in 
     feature.product -> overview
     It will prompt you for the platforms to generate for.
        It will run about an hour for each one.
     You will now have one or more zip files containing the STEM application.
     Place them on the download site. 
     
   Platform dependent generation.
     The feature.prereq zip file contains the platform independent 
     files and should not need to be regenerated. It is generated 
     similar to the feature.zip but using the feature.xml file from
     the feature.prereq file.  This contains all of the prereq plugins 
     and should not need to be updated except when Eclpse platform 
     changes.  
     

To create an update 
      
    - Import the org.eclipse.stem.feature project if not already 
      available.
    - Select the feature.xml file
    - Select the overview tab. 
    - Update as required:
      - Version should be 0.2.1M2
      - Update Site URL should be specified
        Point to org.eclipse download site where the 
        update feature will be placed.  
    - Select "export" on the "overview" tab for feature.xml.
    - The generated zip file should be unzipped into the 
      update site.  
    - A new distribution zip file for the 0.2.2M2 STEM RCP should also 
      be created as above and uploaded to the download site for 
      new users.  
      
      
        
